Canada and France have a met since
nineteen sixty-six France winners back
then and they were favorites today
jo-wilfried tsonga made light work of
the first any case Vasek Pospisil
dropping just one game
the world number six took advantage of
numerous unforced errors to easily
defeat the young Canadian a routine
victory for samba
rising star me loss brownish next for
Canada against Julien Benneteau with a
boisterous crowd behind him roundish
came out fighting at beneteau had no
answers
the 21 year old with a wealth of
ammunition not least his sir he
unleashed twenty four aces during the
match so na seems a fitting way to
finish brownish beating beneteau in 2
hours 17 minutes
and roundish would feature in the
doubles Tim you up with Daniel Nestor
key for J sent out Mikhail ladra and
beneteau this was an exhilarating match
the French took the first two sets both
of which went two tiebreaks
and then they capped off a well-deserved
straight-sets win in submerged France
canada's number three Frank Dancevic was
pressed into action on day three after
an injury to Raunak he was up against
changa who started quickly and appeared
to be on route to an easy victory before
denti bitch found his form
the world number six continued to apply
pressure though and eventually closed
out his canadian opponents in convincing
fashion Frances reward a home tie
against the USA in the world group
quarterfinals
you